Not gonna try to make my prose sound good right now, I'm just writing my ideas.

You live in a fishing village over the sand dunes from the beach. Some kind of
foul sea monster has appeared and drunk up all the water so now there is no sea
for miles and the people in the village can't use their boats.

The people meet together and they decided to send a man to kill the creature
with a fishing spear but it swallowed him. After that they decided they will
wait one more week and if the creature is still there then everybody will just
pack up and leave for the city.

After the meeting your grandfather or somebody says that there is an old story
that if a creature like this appears then there is a special red sword which
can be used to kill it. This triggers a vague memory you have of a red sword
perhaps it was just a toy sword but you cannot remember.

You remember throwing it down into the passageway under your house with the
intention of jumping down there and picking it up and "fighting monsters", but
then after you threw it you got too scared so then it was gone and you have not
seen it since. You assume it must be down there with the other junk that is
down there.

Anyway you go down there and then you have got to fight monsters etc etc etc,
when you get to the bottom you get the sword and then you get teleported to the
beach at night where you have to fight the sea monster and then you win.

I imagine the seamonster looks kind of like cunjevoi crossed with a frog since
it drank up all the water.

Yeah so this story is good enough for the game, but I would ideally like to go
for a dark souls style of storytelling where we can kinda just throw you into
the game with the bare minimum backstory you need to start playing, and then the
rest you can just pick up from item descriptions etc. In terms of item
descriptions it's worth pointing out that the whole idea of this is that it is
sort of the opposite of grand scale fantasy. Descriptions should reference the
names of people your character presumably knows and things they see in their day
to day life for the most part. In the first area item descriptions could even
be written under the assumption that you actually are under the house and the
items you are encountering are familiar to you like for example your dad's
fishing spear or something.


So.... How is the title actually relevant? I guess we could call the sea monster
A worm somehow?? Perhaps... dude the auto grammar on this notepad app is
dogshit. Everybody who has tried to fuck with notepad has met with a grisly
Fate.